- https://twitter.com/mitchellh/status/1679993226676305920 Data-oriented design
	- "I think any senior engineer will find they already practice parts of DOD by chance, but thinking through multi-feature pipelines from the POV of data access, memory layout first is pretty rare (imo). And I found it hard to figure out, personally. I think I'm getting there now."
		- I don't like paradigm shift, but I value the effort some guys spent to create a better workflow and mindset to others. As I mentioned recently, Software Engineering is basically a caring of data and behavior (method), now you don't want to encapsulate them at object level, you can obviously take care just data and the host machine and it's fine. But it only matters when there is a problem upfront and foreseen, which is "hard to figure out".
			- Same story to dependency injection everywhere (dry-) and the monad/railway programming concept (dry-monad). Sometimes it is less cognitive load when thinking about controller/model object as the least level.
			- Bias as I am a default person, "de"-fault.
- https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=36784114
	- "I ended up leaving that job because politically at that company I had no voice, and people above me lacked basic leadership skills and continually failed to recognize it. Additionally whenever I would call out issues, it always would somehow manifest into a problem with me. So I ended up leaving, and not on great terms."
	- https://markdjacobsen.com/eating-glass/
- I think juniors who were once under my hands depart for opportunities when their unknown-unknowns become known-unknowns. I love that bravery. One day, the known-unknowns become unknown-knowns (what you think you know turned out not), then we may meet each other on the edges of knowledge. My knowledge is limited, my time too, but I vaguely know what we will face on that journey.
- https://github.com/keymastervn/datletien.com/commit/dd9d259e546f63154f6cd52703ba24188ec16986 2020 when I hated all cultural questions
	- "I put myself into meta-thinking very often. Asking opinionated questions yield my karma, asking philosophy questions then we are both doomed. Sometimes I am just talkative or point-blank due to multilateral ideas, so I would suggest someone stop me at a concern :pray:"
- Today, I am in Da Lat fixing my blue. Through recent writings, I am making myself exposed to a next level of vulnerability which another persona is unhappy. I am struggling, let's say I have to apologise to myself. This sequence should be stopped now, better hands off and not writing anything for a long time.