- Protip: you can use stddev (standard deviation) to see the self-evaluation gap between engineers and their managers
	- To see how is the differentiation across teams, who is under or over evaluated, if managers cross review the others' team member it can even show another interesting picture
		- I know this because this is how I at Reapra built a dashboard to evaluate interviewers at due diligences. 
			- Because some of them are easy, some of them are not, the point is to classify them. The leadership have to use all neuron to make an investment decision but they are seeing inconsistent reviews you know, Unlike to EH hiring process: if an interviewer think it is not suitable to proceed a candidate, the candidate failed.
	- Somehow, I think the self-evaluation is not for comparing oneself between two performance reviews, but it is to answer "among these things in the period, what do you think you are really good at?". If someone marks exceptional for all categories, how do someone knows that he/she is truly exceptional (very subjective) not bluff? When they compare their skills by themself, we know the strongest points by each person, we can focus on that point to understand how good it is from management POV and improvement plan. A better education perspective not salary/title planning.
		- Again, I meant PR is a system which people want to abuse most. Last year, I thought so much about it, now I just keep my smile. Eventually, it drives people towards another subsystem. It is just another human issue that someone can't completely solve it by a concrete design.
- Am I trustworthy?
	- yes and no. But I am mostly honest.
	- if you think I am naive, then definitely I will be no longer trustworthy to you. Though I look naive and my feeling is naive.