- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Critical_theory continue
	- "Honneth established a theory that many use to understand critical theory, the _theory of recognition_.[[28]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Critical_theory#cite_note-28) In this theory, he asserts that in order for someone to be responsible for themselves and their own identity they must be also recognized by those around them: without recognition in this sense from peers and society, individuals can never become wholly responsible for themselves and others, nor experience true freedom and emancipation—i.e., without recognition, the individual cannot achieve [self-actualization](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self-actualization "Self-actualization")."
		- https://marxandphilosophy.org.uk/reviews/17622_the-idea-of-socialism-towards-a-renewal-by-axel-honneth-reviewed-by-amogh-sahu-dave-schafer-ross-wolfe/
		- "Axel Honneth is a leading third-generation representative of the Frankfurt School, the successor to Jürgen Habermas as head of the Institute for Social Research"
		- review: https://repository.law.umich.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=3858&context=articles a very good writing about Democracy
			- "Honneth’s critique of early socialism in this regard is unsparing: “Not only did early socialists restrict the community of solidarity entirely to the economy, ... [but] for reasons that are hard to understand, [they] simply ignored the entire sphere of political deliberation"
			- "Now, as James Kloppenberg and Robert Westbrook have shown in extraordinary detail, the depths of Dewey’s pragmatic democratic theory are surely worthy of such a recovery" "I would call those three levels or layers of Deweyean democracy: 1) critical democracy; 2) substantive democracy; and 3) social democracy"
			- "Dubois understood something of the essence of the distinction when he talked about “abolition democracy,” noting that “the failure of democracy lies in the fact that it has not been tried in precisely those activities of life where it is most important.”"
			- "For the heart of substantive democracy implicated the whole spectrum of complex and elaborate policies of public provision – for the maintenance and advancement of public welfare, public health, public safety, and public utility. This is where public problems were solved and technologies of government and law were deployed. Herein was Rorty’s priority of **democracy over philosophy and technology over theory**. Most important for substantive democracy were those provisions aimed at the equalization of public citizens and the eradication of unequal barriers to communication, interaction, and possibility. Here substantive democracy placed special emphasis on those areas of legal-economic public policymaking that involved the distribution and redistribution of public resources: public goods, public services, public benefits, and even public property"
				- Popularity is the goal of democracy and popularize TRUE democracy itself as well, which is perhaps social democracy.
- https://dannorth.net/mckinsey-review/
	- "When Facebook acquired **WhatsApp** for its 500 million active users, WhatsApp had _13 engineers_. (This is also a testament to the power of Erlang.) The relational database **SQLite** runs in pretty much every compute device on the planet: phones, tablets, browsers, servers, laptops. It has [millions of automated tests](https://www.sqlite.org/testing.html) and only _three_ core developers."
		- This reminds me the legendary developer of Cloudflare [John Graham-Cumming](https://jgc.org/) who has implemented Cloudflare's CDN within a day.
		- And the story of Thibault who made Lichess, he is the only developer who builds a comparative platform compared to chess.com -hundreds of employee.
			- https://www.reddit.com/r/chess/comments/mpasyl/i_started_lichess_ask_me_anything/
		- It is irrelevant but having developers who think about making impact is more crucial than spamming efforts. Software engineering is very different. "If you wish to build a ship, do not divide the _men_ into teams and send them to the forest to cut wood. Instead, teach them to long for the _vast_ and endless sea"
	- "In his book _Turn the Ship Around_, former US submarine commander David Marquet introduces the idea of _inviting inspection_. Historically, the crew of a submarine would be suspicious and hostile towards inspectors. Marquet turned this around and had them piped aboard with full ceremony, and then asked to see the complete list of issues and suggestions, promising to have them all resolved by the next inspection. This shift in culture led to a more collaborative relationship with the inspectors, and both they and the crew started looking forward to these inspections"
	- "In a high-performing team, all the players are on one end of the curve! There is no normal distribution and there is no “weakest link”. In terms of resourcing teams, a lack of capability in an area _is irrelevant_ if the team’s ability to deliver is not constrained by this lack. If it is, then of course the team or organisation should be looking to bridge this gap, but this can often be achieved in other ways, by changing the approach or the solution, say, as much as scrabbling to skill up in an area." => have to agree 100% here, a team's strength is not calculated by each team member weaknesses. Instead, a team weakness is caused by lacking of the certain skill of ALL MEMBERs. Maybe the only skill that is critical within the team is communication.
	- "Attempting to measure the individual contribution of a person is like trying to measure the individual contribution of a piston in an engine. The question itself makes no sense."
- https://world.hey.com/dhh/automattic-is-doing-open-source-dirty-b95cf128 lol, do you want another OpenWP, mr. CEO? You want to double down with the lesson of Unity's Runtime Fee which is just several months ago, the lesson of ElasticSearch coming back to OpenSearch a month ago which is relevant.
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBIvSGLkwJY
	- "String Theory doesn't make predictions. It makes excuses"