- https://starvector.github.io/ image and text to SVG. Something that I always wish to have
	- https://arxiv.org/abs/2312.11556
	- https://github.com/joanrod/star-vector
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVz_hf4Jbe0 How To Become A 37 Year Old Broke Loser
	- t=14:37 on why he didn't get a 9-to-5 job.
		- t=16:40 "there is a cost to keeping up with these (javascript, or new things) changes and companies will push that cost onto workers as a condition of getting employed. If you calculate the cost of preparing/searching/interviewing for .... these are reasons why companies prefer to hire younger workers instead".
	- t=17:20 "another important part of your career you have to consider is to think how much of personal branding you can build from whatever you've worked on at a company. If I told you I personally wrote the software in the most popular app on the first version of the Apple Ipad, you might be impressed and want to hire me. In reality, I can't say that it is true bc I've never written any software for the Ipad, instead, I wrote software for a live radio app for Blackberry Playbook that you've probably never heard of... even when I tried optimizing the app can run well on unstable networking env... I've realized that almost every piece of software that I've been paid to write in my life has been a waste of time"... "even when I have no control over the failure of these products, I still bear the personal branding cost associated with them"
	- t=56:45 (1st reality): "the whole pump and dump model of venture capital funded startups, the goal for most of these companies is not to actually run them and produce economically value output. Instead it's to get acquired by Google or Microsoft, and the amount of payout from an acquisition will usually be based on the company's headcount. This means that it's better to have 100 employees that are doing nothing at the time of an acquisition than it is to have one external contractor who productively runs your entire business". (2nd reality): "the tech enterpreneurs are really just scamming investors or the government. A common model that founders follow looks something like this: --- (choosing fancy problem with facy tech) then assign yourself the role of CEO or CTO and pay yourself 170K per year with extra benefits and bonuses... one you get the investment, do the bare minimum to keep the company running until you run out of funding and can't raise any more rounds" => the second reality is made of previous investors, who want to exit somehow, hid bad information about the businesses to "úp bô" the incoming ones. That's how many bad schema are made by tighting up benefits of the victims and the culprits haha. 
	- t=1:08:09 What would I do differently?
		- invest early, especially work in good companies (perhaps for personal branding at least)
		- leave early or make a leap (both macro view and so on), but must do researches in prior
		- don't do things like trade or consultant unless having good connections eg. government
	- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCXn6R-LaB8 and he gets better now.
		- t=10:18, it's true. A company must not rely on not product development or software engineering to survive. Getting money is the first objective for all businesses so sale pillars must be built for it goals. At a time in a life of a business, not sure sale or product are more important, but the second step after having a product is definitely sale workstreams.
		- It's not easy to run a company.
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgkP0W7OvMc Real Reporter | Operation ‘Pipe’ | Kursk Defeat for Ukraine | Drone Warfare | Putin’s Closed-Door Meetings
	- t=29:20 we have come through a full cycle... if you look at how weapons evolve, it follows a sine wave, each cycle brings more complexity and more advanced technologies but the core principles remain the same.
	- t=34:15 we have OVOD the FPV drone with machine vision at Drone Research Center where they're already working on smart systems. But this not AI, you need to understand the differences between machine vision and AI vision. Machine vision is an old technology, I saw it years ago in civilian dones, it flies and recognises shapes, detects moving vehicles by its pixels or identifies a person. *A year ago, people thought drone warfare would evolve this direction: drones > fly to warzone > autonomous destroy equipments. But it turns out that getting a full HD video from fiber optic drone is far more effective because with a live video feed, the operator can make a right decision* and clearly see where to strike, and most importantly, machine vision is still unreliable. These drone are disposable, they have low quality cameras, weak processing power and not enough functions like true AI. A drone that wouldn't need to hit a vehicle, it would need to understand if it's friendly or enemy, determines whether it is military or civilian and even recognize if the target is already destroyed or still active. What's the challenges of using AI swarms of drones: "**how would they communicate and coordinate**", (mention China drone show), but they are all run on GPS, in the front lines, there's' no GPS at all, because of electronic jamming, nothing works, no geolocation, nothing... **Technically sure, it's probably possible, but what are needed are simple, effective solutions** like AK and fiber optic drone is far effective in that regard.
		- simple, cheap, yet effective
	- t=37:40 (on interviewing battlefield correspondents for ideas and proposals) a Russian soldier can even figure out how to shot a fleet. The biggest challenge is scaling up these creative battlefield solutions quickly. Modern warfare demands speed. He (Vladimir Putin) has many sources of update and he knows an incredible amount of detail about specific frontline sectors, the units stationed there and the challenges they face.
	- t=42:10 (about the contract, the dark psychology, how soldiers accept death, no turning back, must listen. It's a game of luck, of god, a game of survival, hard to process)
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNmVvp2YEnc How to Ask for a Job (Without Asking)
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yohVh4qcas Diary of a CEO - EMERGENCY DEBATE: They Lied About The Economy Recovering! Is A Financial Apocalypse Coming?
	- I can't cover more, out of texts in mind
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiF6IL89sBg Dmitri Shostakovich - Waltz No. 2 Extended