- My parents are teacher, thus, I fundamentally favor observing mistakes created by other people, perceiving them as one of the most critical things in life for people to be better. I won't stop them from making mistakes, instead, I enjoy it as always. This is great, but on the other hand, it makes others feel I am stopped for disagreements and I am not a leader by nature. Question: what did I really miss?
	- https://blog.learnlife.com/learn-unlearn-relearn “The illiterate of the future are not those who can’t read or write but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn.” Alvin Toffler. Learning something, if you’re actually interested in it, is pretty much always something enjoyable. Learning some things takes longer than others (though not to confuse learning with **mastery**, which can take a lifetime), but we do learn something every day.
		- They talk about unlearning in psychology in terms of letting go of unhelpful beliefs and negative behaviours. The neuro educators might call it **_rewiring_**, but everyone can at least agree that it takes time, and sometimes needs to go several layers deep. Some beliefs and attitudes we wear lightly and they are easily changed. Some things have become mantras, reinforced by everything we see and hear.
	- Pain is my great teacher, time is my great friend. All men must die, change is inevitably constant and love will never perish.
- I've realized a pattern: the people with the most thoughts in this world are not those who sit still but those who wander purposelessly. Strangely enough, those wanderers do not complain about this world at all, while those who sit still are always complaining. Those who complain don't walk, so keep walking for nothing.
- https://hbr.org/2025/05/in-uncertain-times-ask-these-questions-before-you-make-a-decision
	- Traditional questions aim to reduce ambiguity: What’s the return on investment? What’s our timeline? How will we determine our key milestones? But when volatility is the norm, these questions can unintentionally narrow the field of vision too soon, leading teams to lock in too early, overlook systemic shifts, or delay critical action ❌
	- hmm
		- What decision today will still make sense a year from now?
		- If a year from now this decision was used as an example of our leadership, what would it teach?
		- What if this isn’t the storm—what if it’s the climate?
		- What’s the cost of waiting?
- Agent has a mode called Microsoft Office "Clippy", build a navigation tool and auto-populate data like computer/browser-using agent.