- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9miVG2xT5jY Chris Langan - The Interview THEY Didn't Want You To See - CTMU
	- t=2:12 Why smartest man living on a farm => never interested in money, instead pursue knowledge "it costs you nothing to pursue knowledge"
		- "canceled culture"
	- t=15:57 "IQ is where you focus all your intellectual energy and focus very tighly on one item"... "widen and narrow mental aperture at will" => so I can use this photography analogy to express `wise`
	- t=17 does god exist? => "Yes", "the reality has an identity", which is god. (a) "Dao" or the way and God (b) Sunyata, the emptiness https://vi.wikipedia.org/wiki/T%C3%ADnh_Kh%C3%B4ng of Buddism, there is no god, but Chris says there is a god (3) all gods come down to the same thing, because everybody has both a and b but they deny some properties eg. the existence of god (exists or not exists), and these properties are attributed to god. So the denial of god creates god, god exists.
		- omniscience omnipresence and omnipotence
		- I hope I don't get you wrong Chris. But I agree with you, I perhaps said about God somewhere in my kernel 1-2 years ago.
	- t=28:30 "Do we have Free Will"? "Yes, we do" - Chris
		- the idea of fixed array.
		- ffff, this part has deep concepts that I can't comprehend.
		- t=33:10 "Reality is generative"
	- t=1:41:04 there are no worthy modern philosophers, not because they are stupid but as along as they are academic, they can't violate academic. They can't violate their belief system, they have to play along with it. Non-academic ... "I am sure they are out there I haven't encountered any not recently" 
		- Lmao "Aristotle Plato Socrates", my man, you are right. "When you get up to example Rene Descartes, everything becaomes dualistic"
		- "And modern philosophers they are really Frankfurt school, to cultural Maxism which ofc just the social program of the marxists"
			- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher_Langan
	- EVERY PART IS PRECIOUS, I'll get back tmr eg. Ethics, Marxism, Capitalism, Beauty, Truth... 