- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9miVG2xT5jY Chris Langan - The Interview THEY Didn't Want You To See - CTMU (continue)
	- t=42:00, "once again, what is reality? It is not just stuff out there but a mental aspect... then ofc what is going through your mind is real"
	- t=51:04 "Soros, Gate, the psychology of the elite"
		- "Bill Gates is not stupid, he's got a respectable intellect but there is something misfiring, Bill is very concerned with the overpopulation"
	- t=53 "do we need another revolution" "Jefferson", "I would just assume see things resolved non-violently, I want peace on earth, we are in fellowship with each other, the brotherhood of man, that is the right way to do it" -> Even when seeing the evil, he seems to trust and opt to the good side of humanity
	- too long, exhausted to capture, but a mind and heart of who I've thought of: what we should really do with true intelligence.
- https://sookocheff.com/post/databases/google/
	- "Given the vastness of the web, there are hundreds if not thousands of obscure problems running web crawlers at scale that must be developed in to the crawlers themselves"
	- https://sookocheff.com/post/engineering-management/project-management-for-software-engineers/
- https://chatgpt.com/c/672a4979-262c-800f-ba1c-efcf1f899873 a TinyServiceLoop I ask chatGPT
- [20241104] on Id, Ego, Superego
	- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Preconscious "Thoughts are preconscious when they are unconscious at a particular moment, but are not repressed. Therefore, preconscious thoughts are available for recall and easily 'capable of becoming conscious'"
	- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metapsychology
	- In _Interpretation of Dreams_ (Giải mộng), Freud insisted that there exist two spheres in the unconscious: unconscious and preconscious
		- "If consciousness is then the sum total of everything of which we are aware, pre-consciousness is the reservoir of everything we can remember, all that is accessible to voluntary recall: the storehouse of memory. This leaves the unconscious area of mental life to contain all the more primitive drives and impulses influencing our actions without our necessarily ever becoming fully aware of them, together with every important constellation of ideas or memories with a strong emotional charge, which have at one time been present in consciousness but have since been repressed so that they are no longer available to it, even through introspection or attempts at memory"
- https://github.com/microsoft/SPTAG SPTAG: A library for fast approximate nearest neighbor search
- https://ludic.mataroa.blog/blog/flexible-schemas-are-the-mindkiller/
- https://ludic.mataroa.blog/blog/i-accidentally-saved-half-a-million-dollars/
	- "but suffice it to say that I can read documentation without panicking, which is considered S-tier in this country"
- Coding is like drawing, the better you can work with sketching, the less time consuming you have to deal with mistakes. Coding, programming is like, the better we visualise flow-control, the less mistakes we have made. There are many mistakes caused by dealing with logic not at upstream but downstream and check whether there are other places using it then put another conditional statement. When it can just be called or called something else
	- "Something else" has to share with "something" some logic in a common interface to be SRP, this is when dependency injection plays best. Sadly, just a simple thing that most of us can't comprehend, even dependency inject makes a big confusion: why do we inject here instead of if-else?
		- Sure, if-else is quick, but its nature is to make a decision, a statement, while dependency injection is not to make a decision but a MUST to choose what at where. Possessing this mindset will save us many years from running around the circus.
		- Can if-else turn into DI? Yes, but software making is like building with lego blocks, doing it from the early stage prevents many mistakes. So, when is the right timing?
		- Not all things can be injected, it's a cognitive-load issue, just go with if-else where necessary.
	- Wisemen don't want to change people before the people can feel problem. Let's take a look at some great codebases and learn bros.