- “That which inspires us to our greatest good.. is also the cause of our greatest evil.” — ARCANE S02E06
	- The pursuit between pure philosophy and literature-philosophy have different points. The former makes you think better and become more powerful. The latter makes you think better, become more powerful and see how you are cursed eventually. The latter, through stories, say everything in life has trade-offs; not only telling WHAT to acquire wisdom, but also aiming to foretell HOW it impacts yourself. 
		- You step back, become human, either deny the knowledge that will go dark or express more love-the true salvation; let's feel sad and empathy, feel hope, understand yourself and keep this thing in mind: we are no difference, just aptitude. That's when the curse is dispelled.
	- https://www.reddit.com/r/arcane/comments/1gskau7/s2_act_2_spoilers_clues_to_why_jayce_did_what_he/
		- "Just the fact that Vik could talk through his followers was prove that something isn't right"
		- "Looks like Jayce stared into the void, and the void stared back. If it can turn ascended to Darkin imagine what it could do to one guy."
			- Arcane seems about going to the end of science and find magic, which is dangerous.
		- At the end, Justice "is prevailed" by the winner. Given two paths, two choices, two sides and a fight between, which has won will eventually become the new Justice. You will say it maybe morally wrong, but this is how we build the Justice conduct, it is subjective by nature, but it is strong at the present due to what've been done in the vast past and hi-stories.
			- Believe in Justice. We are lucky because the moderate good and moderate bad has been winning, not absolute good and absolute evil.
			- In life, all rulers know that they can't deny the "bad", they can't fix "bad" completely but to create balance. Most people who know this choose to play "bad" because it serves them well. "Good" and "bad" are two sides of a coin. 
- https://vi.wikipedia.org/wiki/Si_th%E1%BB%A9 "coi Si thứ là cung nhạc "thể hiện sự chấp nhận số phận một cách lặng lẽ và than phiền rất nhẹ nhàng""
- https://vnexpress.net/ba-truong-my-lan-noi-phat-hien-bat-thuong-trong-khoan-tien-125-000-ty-dong-4817359.html wow, Công ty Phương Trang