- https://www.whitehouse.gov/lab-leak-true-origins-of-covid-19/
	- What can you change things, uncle Sam? shouldn't create hatred on your old friends as usual.
	- "There was no conclusive evidence that masks effectively protected Americans from COVID-19. Public health officials flipped-flopped on the efficacy of masks without providing Americans scientific data — causing a massive uptick in public distrust."
	- "The “6 feet apart” social distancing recommendation — which shut down schools and small business across the country — was arbitrary and not based on science. During closed door testimony, Dr. Fauci testified that the guidance “sort of just appeared.”"
	- "Prolonged lockdowns caused immeasurable harm to not only the American economy, but also to the mental and physical health of Americans, with a particularly negative effect on younger citizens. Rather than prioritizing the protection of the most vulnerable populations, federal and state government policies forced millions of Americans to forgo crucial elements of a healthy and financially sound life."
	- "Public health officials often  mislead the American people  through conflicting messaging, knee-jerk reactions, and a lack of transparency.  Most egregiously,  the federal government demonized alternative treatments and disfavored narratives, such as the lab leak theory, in a shameful effort to coerce and control the American people’s health decisions."
		- well, hmm... it's not that easy, people the people that time attacked Asian, which was a more serious problem. But we knew, it had Wuhan's origin, it had certain transparency, it had to be social distance and vaccines worked.
- https://www.facebook.com/TungPiz/posts/pfbid0SVAJ9dZS2LYJjiX5hcGLs3vjuX1cQxaAJQRLBZyzVY5gv7yJknfSvrcU46Xs2eH1l?__cft__[0]=AZXa5-OI7TbVpzKh6KFdDsNaE50ShpopVDL9_dkYBtChQPsZxJ4WxZQDfoFbe7veaIuqCXOXLP_PI8eplCyTeeEKVySqjn64POiyWs-H77W8b3M9cHEZah3ZhW1Ww9BhdOhNmQK-Z9E_VqiX7BFH6pADfWkd0S87zRL8_EGMEFnvU_0QMrMOLsNUsgUbIfohOPWvk9JVB6h3O4YizwxLV9W3cMvY8LLJsW8BoFJrOt5FdA&__tn__=%2CO%2CP-R
	- "Ý tưởng trùng với Qua Vũ: Tôi xem đây là cuộc phục hưng robusta. Việt Nam là nhà sản xuất robusta lớn nhất. Chúng tôi là người mua lớn nhất và cũng là người sành sỏi về đồ uống robusta, và không ai trên thế giới bán nhiều đồ uống robusta hơn chúng tôi. Không ai cả. (Qua Vũ từng có ý tưởng tương tự, là Việt Nam ko nên trồng nhiều thêm Arabica mà nên dần nâng cao chất lượng của Robusta)"
- https://cdn.openai.com/business-guides-and-resources/a-practical-guide-to-building-agents.pdf