- IMHO, a typical technical-driven (or, I steal the term "excellence") culture at scale, simple
	- Product team
		- Agile, sprint-based board
	- RnD team
		- [Kanban-based](https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/ca-enterprise-software/valueops/rally/rally-help/using/use-flow-based-boards-kanban/kanban-principles.html) board
			- Can be competitor analysis, or promising technical aspects eg. AI, or dev experience, or user experience
			- No exact delivery plan, but prioritized is a must https://www.fool.com/the-ascent/small-business/project-management/articles/prioritization-matrix/
	- Infra/platform team
		- Kanban-based board
			- Building bridges, make them solid.
			- CI/CD
			- Must come with clear plan including release date
		- Support board
	- Personal notes
		- Think about OKR/KPI, never skip this if you have clear responsibilities. Even RnD needs a goal. Only ask for individual goals (in 1:1s) when you have a team [goal](https://hypercontext.com/blog/work-goals/engineering-goals).
			- CSS, TTR tracking for Infra Support board.
		- Product team roles: designers, FE, BE, a product owner as a lead
			- Product teams please don't skip tech debts or refactoring. If you have to, register your debt inside a dedicated board. Protip: keeping tech debts inside your backlog won't work in long-term, trust me, no one cares including you after some sprints.
		- You can't expect devs from product teams to handle RnD. While they have no time left, they also have children, elderly people, personal spaces to follow; they won't be able to use 8 hours at work, 4 more hours at night to work for things that may not align to themselves. It's literally work-life balance.
			- Technical program manager (more product-oriented) or engineering manager (more engineering-oriented) here
			- Related tasks must be moved to the Agile-sprint board.
		- RnD team should have an engineering research lead
			- Could be new technology, new design, new refactoring. Mostly backend but can be frontend.
			- Identify potential issues at scale, ahead, so they should know the data. Or, the data team should co-op nicely with them
			- The lead inits research items inside backlogs, later they can be done with sub-teams
			- Headcount can be rotated, sub-team can be occasionally swapped with product dev teams in short-term.
			- Staff engineering here, technical lead
		- Infra/Platform
			- Dev ops engineering manager and Staff engineering. The lead should be a technical director as most of decisions here involve cost management.
			- Infra leads the central cloud platform. But they also monitor performance and play a vital role for security and SRE.
		- The ratio should be **4P/1RnD/1i**. The productivity of RnD or product owner creating more work items for product teams hence the scale of P can be set higher; But when the velocity halt, swapping between P and RnD is a need, instead of force-pushing product people to "make hypothesis and bad decisions for devs"
		- Should be [matrix-based](https://asana.com/resources/matrix-organization) (<50 headcounts) or functional (but it didn't work well and is bureaucratic), see Spotify's [agile model](https://www.atlassian.com/agile/agile-at-scale/spotify) as an example of being matrix
			- I am more inclined to autonomous teams, hence biased. In fact, it depends, most managers care about cost (auto people are usually superb and high-paid) and they want to manage people, not "the teal" people.
			- I am more inclined to having multiple functional teams that can be cross-functional for swapping, or can be transferred to another Trio/Alliance(Pillar/Product family). In fact, team swapping is not easily happened, it mostly depends on the relationship between the director/leads, and the motivation of the people which is usually "hard-to-move" due to psychological safety.
			- As a do-er, I have biases towards working within a group of a hundred people, adding more people couldn't solve our problems systematically. IMHO in fact, it creates more problems, ask any project manager then they can tell you why. 
		- Focus on communication structure more than title/ownership (see the 20231219 network). Leadership is a must, styles of leadership is optional. Infra-lead should be director level, but it doesn't mean the RnD lead is a lack of power (because it is domain-related, RnD can have many leads while Infra/P should be just one).
		- Remember to keep the structure lean and on good ratio. Falling to much into one type creates potential threats due to instability. Cross-functional is a must OR it loses generic and eventually becomes very low productivity (eg. Infra team can work on product as in 1/3 of their scope, but they are not sprint-based).
		- Continuous Improvement: feedback will help mini-restructuring. this is called cog management.
		- Fostering new cultures happen only when a good model achieved.
	- [ ] Remind me to reflect it on (@2024-12-30
 - https://basecamp.com/articles/how-we-structure-our-teams
	 - How they "pitch" https://public.3.basecamp.com/p/22KB2DCxpEQLZow8Vc2iJhEq
- I will make less notes from next year, instead more decisions.