- https://live.julik.nl/2021/11/do-the-scariest-thing-first "maximum fear" - maximum pain, something are too much unprecedented thing, "that requires you going 2-3 levels “down” from what you normally consider comfortable" :D
- https://live.julik.nl/2021/11/art-science-taste-and-clean-code
	- https://programmingisterrible.com/post/139222674273/write-code-that-is-easy-to-delete-not-easy-to #hiddengem 
- I don't want to talk about Philosophy, it is a vacuum and I don't want to be an evil advocate. It neither respects your trueself nor thyself but itself; and it proves that it is right by aspects, you are right by aspects, they are right by aspects, but it is more right because it gives you ideas and trap you inside the ideas. I actually want people to get inside it once, twice, intermittently BUT they must find a way out and find a purpose to be a brighter person.
	- I have seen many people become darker
	- I have seen many people become heartless
	- I have seen many people become lost in religions
	- I have seen many people become naive
	- I have seen many people promote Philosophy without purposes, perhaps just for "enlightenment". Men must come with purposes.
	- Philosophy must be a pandora box, you are curious about it but keep it mind: it is sealable.
	- I love you when you are stronger by touching it, but you are not flexing your nerves to attract evils, we are all human with some extents of equality. I can be a troubadour, a Philosophy tour guide, but you must exit, keep it in mind, it is dangerous.
- https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=38273043 by coincedence, yeah, LLM of Scientists is said to "destroy the fabric of society" :">
	- :point-up: philosophy to me can destroy you.