- https://fs.blog/carol-dweck-mindset/ Growth Mindset by Carol, there is a category inside Psychology which studies [human dynamics](https://thesystemsthinker.com/human-dynamics-for-the-21st-century/) and motivation.
	- "There’s another mindset in which these traits are not simply a hand you’re dealt and have to live with, always trying to convince yourself and others that you have a royal flush" -> some people just want to say how great they are, not how hard they've tried. Carol says that the GROWTH MINDSET people won't waste time for proving that they are good, they keep going.
	- "Sure, people with the fixed mindset have read the books that say: Success is about being your best self, not about being better than others;" -> the mindset that self-help authors give us is to view things "so naive and shallow" so someone did it and you too (lol, as a snowflake). Because their purpose is to make you believe in a fabulous thing, it is like m4sturbation. They can't crack down success for you to digest, literally can't, so the easiest way is to make you feel good & float.
		- Some of them won't be able to self-deny their ideas (for the sake of dialectic, so it is intentionally shallow), most of them are blind about freewill (because they perceive success as an absolute thing), do you think they are great teachers?
		- True authors are not self-help authors, they have topics and purposes.
	- "What can we do about this? Don’t praise intelligence or talent, praise the work ethic"
	- Chicago again, described in the article
	- https://fs.blog/workplace-mindset/