- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2JxdjTi_1Ix OpenAI & Meta Distinguished Engineer (IC9) On Working With Zuck, Carmack & Career Growth | Philip Su
	- t=2:30 factors contributing to your career growth
		- luck aka be with the right place at the right time, your teammate is important
		- talent
		- hardworking: willing to ourwork everybody, pay it forward
			- hardworking is impactful by gaining experience through variety of things, or else it affects productivity (diminishing returns) when working more (per Henry Ford's https://www.history.com/this-day-in-history/may-1/ford-factory-workers-get-40-hour-week)
	- t=10:45 to be or not to be a manager. "Many people cannot make that transition... they are far away from the code, they either are **unwilling to take a low level job** to be an IC or they are **unable to meet the expectations of their level as a manager as an IC**"
		- He keeps the two doors opened: IC and management.
		- Not only for career path, coding is still important. If you don't code, you will lose foundational expectation. I don't care who you are, when you focus on the problem you'll get my respect, and to solve the problems there are two ways (a) communication and (b) coding, many times (b) is less expensive and (a) creates chaotic. Unblocker-style management waiting for problems to be raised is likely misjudging the capacity of coding as the absolute communication method.
		- t=11:45 "you are ready to lead a team when your team would have elected you to lead them... this way, would you want to work for you? That's the key question. Like they can nominally make you the lead, but as you know in software development, people can slowroll things, people can sandbag things... like there are all sorts of ways your team can work against you actually"
	- t=18:15 "demotion", Philip has 6 times switching between IC and manager, for some cases level stepped down from E9 -> E7 and he accepted it. Ego, imposter syndrome.
	- t=21:30 "a senior developer, E5 E6 should be able to deliver the work of about 10-15 people, right? If you regularly influencing the work of 10-15 people, you can reliably deliver things out of that scope when you are the one in charge of the delivery whether it is a technical delivery or a product feature area.
	- t=24:00 **qualitative differences beyond senior**: "cannot be articulated well in the bullet points list that your HR team sends you. In fact, **if you go and try do that bulletpoints list, you'll often be disappointed** that you are still not at the level and you are very confused 'why-not'. It's because people at those level excels for very different reasons and it takes a judgement of a person above those level and these are hard judgements to decide whether or not the person is deserving" "the people are different archetypes, they were successful for different reasons"
		- the truth is, you must build yourself differently with a very unique set of skills and knowledge. Even when you follow your successful mentor as a replica, you won't be legendary enough.
	- t=27:20 "in a 140K employees company, in a company of that size, there are always week teams. And the problem of weak teams is on a weak team **you may think you are awesome because you work with very bad peers**. That will lead to a funny situations where people get overleveled for instance OR it will lead to situation where people do not have someone they can observe to learn from because they are on a weak team and they are likely the best"
		- Let's feel good because there are better people than us.
	- t=32:33 Engineering culture is very important, if not saying, is the best factor for a success tech company. People in as scrappy shits, people out as heroes... "one super helpful site director was the former site director of Google London, David Singleton, who become Stripe's CTO. He gave me some great advices, the best advice of which was that Google has experimented with what they called **landing teams: how many people you bring to a site to bootstrap the culture** and what not -> two things:"
		- "(1) X wants a two full interview loops of people, meaning he wanted enough engineers for two full loops -> ETA 10-12 people... Google takeaways was make the landing team commit to two years minimum". He blames some company by not reaching two years because it is hard to maintain the culture in those early growth periods where the percent of new people/old people. So he "brought 12 people with me and I asked them to commit for 2 years"
		- (2) he wants to interview a pool of 50 ppl to choose 12, by interviewing their peers and manager "when it came to: how they were good culture carriers for the company? Would this be a good person to add to the culture of the site?" -> they, as he's said are amazing people, truly brilliant (positive), exceptional talented. This is the A team
	- t=56:04 on writing well as a software engineer. He was bad at writing because he didn't respect the value of good communication. "Overtime, I think I lucked out in that when I started working at Microsoft, I've just started re-reading some of the classics", like NYT best classic literatures, and "starting to develop a love of the language. It was Virginia Wolf that's said 'to write well you need to read well'" -> focus on the various types/structures of sentences. "That was a valuable skill, every bit as valuable as a hard skill" + "rewrite multiple times" + "telling story: what is a compelling way to tell this story? And most often, the compelling way is chronologically actually because that's the way it makes sense" => true, don't lie. "Some stories I think work better out of chronological order is because you see a different arcs that's developing a person's life"
		- Don't underestimate speaking and writing. If you are uncomfortable with it, let's start by reading and writing first. You will get the structure and will be better. Psychology is important as well. Storytelling, when sharpened, will outweight all tips and tricks in presentation skills or public speaking, you will get good friends when telling genuine stories.
	- tbc