- Happy new year! Please talk with me more even when I very unlikely want to talk with you, be gentle and be no-nonsense with me bros.
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwHWadKhedE Why The Philippines Fell Behind In Asia: Lee Kuan Yew (ft. Marcos)
	- Problem 1: USA political system doesn't work, the American-style constitution
		- t=7:11: "one of the most difficult to operate in the world, the Americans wrote this consittution in 1787 in Philadelphia, they wanted a weak executive president... they wanted an opposite of a strong monarch. But you are a deveping country and a dev country faced with disorder and underdevelopment needs strong, honest executive government. The system worked in America because of a super abundance of resources and riches in a vast underpopulated continent. I do not believe that Korea, Taiwan, Hongkong or Singapore could have succeeded if they had to work under such a constitution. Where political gridlock on every major issue is a way of government. And you will notice for some 28 years, the United States system has not functioned well in the United States"
			- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gridlock_(politics)
			- It's somehow explain why I favour freedom, I myself doubt it, somehow the more I advocate freedom and democracy, the more I become a hater of it. I learn and understand very much about it, yet, it should not be made for everyone, it should not be made for human in all time, but still, it should be just there because without certain freedom, something worse than totalitarianism will be promoted. There is no other solution to be imposed, it should be half-advocated, it should work like communism as a goal of life rather than a practical approach. **It won't work and will fail people**, it is now failing people and has been causing constant damage to the US and countries having the similar system for many hundred years ahead, it is not easily unlocked. That's why China will be better than them even when they have the most dynamic innovations and the ability to attract super talents.
	- t=8:40 Problem 2: Freedom of Speech and Press
		- "but they failed the Filipino people. A wildly partisan press helped Filipino politicans to flood the marketplace of ideas with junk and confuse and befuddle the people so they could not see what the vital interests were in a developing country."
	- t=9:15 Problem 3: Crime & Corruption -> Cambodia, you must learn because your police and military system corrupts hard.
		- t=9:30 "(corruption) it can never be eliminated, **not even in Singapore**, it is possible to weed out corruption, provided top political leaders set the examples and the pace. An efficient and a strong anti-corruption unit under the President, with powers to investigate any person however high up and to carry it to a successful prosecution, will work wonder(ful)"
			- You are very honest, mr. LKY. I think, somehow the Vietnam Communist Party is doing it relatively well.
	- t=10:20 Problem 4: Monopolies and Oligarch
		- "only benefits some inefficient obligarchs, including some heading US-owned firms. The tariff barriers have been a major element of an intricate web of regulations that have been shackled the Philippines, shackled its entrepreneurs and only nurtured a favoured few, cartels and monopolies, from banking to telecom to shipping"
		- See Ukraine (the past), and perhaps Korea (the future) of declining examples for this.
		- On tariffs, Trump's administration will give us an example in the next two years: whether it will work, or it will fail miserably.
	- Problem 5: because they employed US-style politics system, they have to do their best at VOTING, they have to engage in politics.