- https://nielibrary.com/stream_pdf/publication/1110/66594f3703f93.pdf One Man's View of the world - LKY
	- https://nghiencuuquocte.org/tag/one-mans-view-of-the-world/
		- https://nghiencuuquocte.org/2014/10/30/ly-quang-dieu-ve-mua-xuan-a-rap/#more-3766
	- page166: Vietnam - LOCKED IN A SOCIALIST MINDSET
		- "As the company began piling works, thousands of villagers arrived to demand compensation for the noise pollution. To avoid incurring extra costs, the company decided to change its method of laying the foundation to screwing, which was much quieter than piling. This time, it was the official who had approved the project who approached the company. He said: “I never gave you permission to do that.” It was clear that the official was in collusion with the disgruntled residents. I explained to the Vietnamese leaders in the meeting with me that this was counterproductive. If you want to open up, be serious about it, I urged them. They responded with hemming and hawing that clearly indicated they were only half-hearted about reforms. They did not understand that one happy investor would attract many more. Their idea was that when you had an investor ambushed in a corner, it was your chance to squeeze as much out of him as you could."
		- "The Vietnamese are among the most capable and energetic people in Southeast Asia. Their students who come to Singapore on Asean scholarships are serious about their studies and score the highest grades. With **people of such intelligence**, it is a real pity that they are falling short of their potential. Hopefully, when the war generation fades away and a younger group takes over, they will look at how well Thailand has done and become convinced of the importance of the free market."
	- What was said: "a sense of belonging and attachment" in Vietnam is perhaps our super-relative structure, we are very "bao đồng", mark this word.
		- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belongingness