- Rome wasn't built in a day, so are people; they are nurtured, actively, passively, psychologically and physically. But the best teacher is always oneself. Go search meanings.
- https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/10lwr9m/comment/j61lfnu/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3
	- An opinion on an interviewing expectation topic: He who wrote "one of the first 100 sites that were on the web", "The rest of it, is just a cargo cult. Here are the things I look for" competencies
		- **Junior:**
			- Curiosity
			- Self Motivated
			- Passion
			- Ability to break down problem
			- I could give a shit less if you know how to code, if you have the above, I can have you kicking ass in a few months with those qualities, they are the mark of a good dev.
		- **Senior**:
			- Take responsibility for the mentorship of the juniors.
			- All the qualities listed for a Junior.
			- Knowledge of Data Structures.
			- The beginnings of understanding relational mathematics and relational theory.
			- Strong single area of concern architectural vision.
			- The beginning of a proper understand of state management.
			- Where to apply testing and what form of testing.
			- Understanding and deep soul searching about your next step, are you going team lead and heading down a management track or are you staying IC.
		- **Staff**:
			- All of the senior requirements and taking responsibility for the mentorship of the Seniors.
			- Strong understanding of relational mathematics and theory, you should be able to articulate why all of the best practice noSQL alternative data storage stuff ideas are a cargo cult and do not reflect evidence based practice, you should be able to draw upon concrete mathematical proofs.
			- Strong understanding of software proofs and how to apply them.
			- The ability to tell me the one missing component in how we design software and how it has led to the software quality crisis we experience today and why Finite State Machines or Behavioral Trees are the provable answers to that question.
			- The ability to spot interview tallent without needed to result to cargo cult rituals.Domain expertise on a vertical of the business.
		- **Principal**:
			- All of staff and you have to mentor mentor staff.
			- Conference circuit speaking, you do not have to have it as part of your career history but you are going to do it.
			- Ability to walk from the boardroom to the dev bays and switch languages and idioms immediately.
			- Strong understanding of distributed computing and guarantees across unreliable mediums.
		- Yeah, I am agree to some points but not all of them, to me impact is more important and can't be seen completely (you have to look at nothing in order to feel). Also, it just covers the responsibility/impact in a visible axis (horizontal or vertical you can pick), there can be protons that can't say easily. A star team starts with a dream perhaps. It is what I meant: culture, which is really impossible to be done right.
	- "As a soldier turned software engineer in my mid 30s I had plenty of work experience in and out of the service before becoming a jr. It was apparent immediately that devs are horrible at communication and worse at mentoring."
- https://vadimkravcenko.com/shorts/things-they-didnt-teach-you/#h-domain-knowledge-is-more-important-than-your-coding-skills
	- that title :+1:
- https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/10p948o/you_want_modules_not_microservices/
	- "I've come to believe that the primary benefit of microservices is at the company organizational level. As tech orgs get larger, balkanize, and lose cohesion you need a semblance of control without being overly prescriptive. Rest and microservices provide this while also giving you a clear pattern to hide access to resources and expose only what you intend to. You can hide stuff with modules, but it's easy to circumvent those--and I've seen multiple tech teams do that to achieve some result." YES!
	- https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/10p948o/comment/j6le8tx/ "My rule of thumb when deciding whether it should be microservice"
		1. Will it be created or maintained by another team?
		2. Will it be a different programming language than the one you've created stuff with so far
		3.  Will it need to stay up if other functionality in your system goes down?
		4.  Will it need to be scaled independently of other parts of your system?
	- https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/10p6qg9/when_do_i_need_microservices/ 2023 trend: microservices? :thinking:
- https://vadimkravcenko.com/shorts/atomic-habits-in-it/ nice blog
	- https://vadimkravcenko.com/shorts/promotion-based-development/ -> "Or, as I like to call it — optimizing for performance reviews" :lmao: