- One topic every engineers (leaders - ofc more important) have to read, it shapes your mindset and perspective towards software engineers. Recommended to read twice, also the collapsed comments are gems.
	- https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/measuring-developer-productivity article 1/2
	- https://tidyfirst.substack.com/p/measuring-developer-productivity-440 article 2/2
	- https://www.linkedin.com/posts/kentbeck_mckinseys-you-can-measure-developer-productivity-activity-7101918867161051136-b8F4 source 1
	- https://www.linkedin.com/posts/gergelyorosz_softwareengineering-developerproductivity-activity-7102320982324826113-Ejzl source 2, follow-up
	- Recap: McKinsey recently published a model to evaluate Software Engineering productivity. Kent Beck, author of eXtreme programming, TDD and "Agile", in his 40 years of working said that it was impossible (or specifically at its best - destroy the engineering culture that will take many years to undo). It also mentions about frameworks like DORA or SPACE that is good at some points but it still has decent tradeoffs, and McKinsey one is absolutely wrong by measuring just effort and output.
		- An analogy: a good surgeon is never somebody who finishes his work in X hours or Y cuts, a good one is just good though it looks ambiguous to managers.
		- The effort-output-outcome-impact model
		- Some CX people (who was, who tell scientifically that the business will be good if C-level get to customer more frequently, but leaderships are fking lazy to do so
		- tradeoffs: you can't build team with numbers, impact is not a number, you will create system-cheaters, you will lose your true opportunities, how sales cheat is "reasonable" but softeng can't cheat.
		- **Team performance is easier to measure than individual performance**
		- spywares, should be just spy, but you have to acknowledge the catastrophic damage [in biases] if you have no idea what you are reasoning about
			- the "glue work", team catalysts, hidden functional ops and atmosphere eg. high-spirited should be such right things to be spied.
			- or on the opposite side - evaluate the worst things: huge tech debts, team's mood, bad product control or the lack of one person's visibility... should be spied.
			- Agile metrics such as "development velocity" are just telling your "wet stories" bias where things look/cook "smooth" but not, they are compressed storms.