- https://blog.saeloun.com/2022/07/12/docker-cache/
	- still, I don't think `cache-to` for every sandboxes is a good choice, we simply sacrify so much space for caching.
- At the end of 2021, getting to know Railway Programming has changed nothing in my life. Even the category theory, as a philosophy of math though it enlightened an interesting perspective, is still very conceptual and yields nothing. Even backend or frontend problems are not true problems, as long as it is simple and readable, sadly I can just make mine simple enough. While there are right tools for many things in other communities, there are more and more human-dynamics problems
	- https://reinventingorganizationswiki.com/en/theory/self-management/
		- "All stages of organizations prior to Teal have relied on a hierarchical power structure, with certain people exerting authority over others. The concentration of power and decision-making at the top, separating colleagues into the powerful and the powerless, brings with it problems that have plagued organizations for as long as we can remember. Power in organizations is seen as a scarce commodity worth fighting for. This situation invariably brings out the shadowy side of human nature: personal ambition, politics, mistrust, fear, and greed. At the bottom of organizations, it often evokes the twin brothers of powerlessness: resignation and resentment. The widespread lack of motivation we witness in many organizations is a devastating side effect of the unequal distribution of power. For a few lucky people, work is a place of joyful self-expression, a place of camaraderie with colleagues in pursuit of a meaningful purpose. For far too many, it is simply drudgery, a few hours of life “rented out” every day in exchange for a paycheck. The story of the global workforce is a sad tale of wasted talent and energy." 
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autodidacticism
	- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hayy_ibn_Yaqdhan -> https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/16831/pg16831-images.html
	- Do you know how to setup a communication channel to God? If you can't accept or deny God, the first step will be acknowledging that there are many gods, most religion block you from here. Give the God a flower and say goodbye as you respect him, and say hello to the god of oneself who will give you willpower and strength to overcome your long life.
	- "[Openness](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Openness_to_experience "Openness to experience") is the largest predictory of self-directed learning out of the [Big Five personality traits](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Five_personality_traits "Big Five personality traits") though in a study personality only explained 10% of the variance in personality"
	- "Sức mạnh lý trí" != "trí tuệ"
- Again, to know that something is just enough to go is a power, it's a pure agile-spirit. You can't expect someone to stay at a school to sharpen his/her knife "enough" to do something, it's never enough. Don't be like me, just go when it is enough. I am the type who is still looking for resources, I am still believing that when we start something we have to start bold in week one or two, I am not a lean but a sympathetically safe player.