- https://superbowl.substack.com/p/book-review-facing-the-dragon
	- "His answer centers around the concept of **grandiosity**—a term that encapsulates **both narcissism at the individual level**, as well as **tribalism at the intersocial level**. This universal need to feel important is generally productive, Moore argues, but it is soon corrupted by the urge to create an "other," so we can feel more important by comparison. Even worse, the resulting sense of righteousness completely blinds us, allowing our worst instincts to surface unrestrained."
	- Dat: If you die following a belief, you are dead and the belief has 50% of living alive (because who knows what's next)
	- "he insists that “religious technology” is necessary for our salvation, and regularly talks about practices like meditation, ritual, and prayer..."
	- "_Facing the Dragon_ begins with a discussion of Evil. (I capitalize Evil here to emphasize how strongly Moore reifies Evil and sees it as an active, willful force in the world)"
		- "2. Evil lies. It cloaks itself in justification, disguises itself as innocence. Evil tricks you into thinking it is Good."
			- Yeah, we are evil-driven, making deal with it for meaningless purposes. You may think that it is meaningful to you, however, it is much more meaningful to others upfront and meaningless to you. The thing is, your own purposes have been less and less relevant day after day.
- https://thanhnien.vn/no-thue-chua-toi-1-trieu-bi-hoan-xuat-canh-lam-the-nao-de-biet-minh-co-no-thue-hay-khong-185240522182600351.htm
	- công lý có khảo lượng hay không?
- https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7202283830219554817/
	- The problem of testing, still, is our "past-self" had to implement twice (double) to guarantee our future-self won't break things. A paid-advance effort towards reliability. 
		- I think it has something wrong economically, but is technically right and is trade-off reasonable. 
	- We can't ask our <s>future-self</s> future-somebody to be responsible for what they are not expected to do. In contrast, I think it is all about dependencies management that if you knew the areas of effect of a piece of code, you can control it just at the upstream layer.
		- It means, you should only test very common layers eg. MVC so all logic related to a Model or View should be tested.
			- eg. we have ModelA.method_for_service_b, as a contract. We have to make sure method_for_service_b won't change, it means that we should only write test for ModelA, not service B because of A, because B can mock or do something that still breaks.
			- and this seems challenging as you have to keep `method_for_service_b` in a reasonable amount. Trust me, this is all about software engineering if we are educated in the right way: reducing the number of interfaces by the exact relevant context.
			- B can trust ModelA.method_for_service_b at the integration level, if B knows that A is still producing the similar machine code (logical, not data). [Instruction Sequence](https://ruby-doc.org/core-3.1.0/RubyVM/InstructionSequence.html) is a way.
			- Well, I better teach AI to trust its code better than devs, trust is luxurious because people will do Murphy-ly wrong somehow 🤦.
		- You don't usually write test for a POC or start-up product, not because it is a not product-market fit that needs high development-velocity, but it can be like "I can control it as I know it", also it has less areas for being broken, you still write some test for critical domains eg. money or auth which really matters.