- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTDXlIw8i20 all religions explained in 10 minutes
	- as a Vietnamese, I am heavily influenced by Buddism and Folk Religion. I believe those two religion paths are very open (like open-source, open like I don't force somebody else to follow my path 100%) so I decided to learn and make a better variant my way (with a lot of bugs fixing in the current context).
	- It is hard to write religious ideas out of thin air, it is a huge dialectic process in which many people provoke other's thinking. I don't have any new abstracts. But I know philosophy is the revolution to be employed in all religions. Because it seems complicated for worshipers and is solid while some abstracts are very fluid to be fit in all contexts.
	- Also, choosing the left paths doesn't mean that I am totally deny ideas in the right paths, I believe in Muslim's brotherhood. Some concepts are nice, just because you choose to believe in "number of god" and "incarnation yes/no" doesn't mean the concepts are 100% wrong.
- A dangerous motif I mentioned somewhere, is a role where that person is ugly (moving between good and bad) but gained a lot of positive treats in a story, it can be due to "historical fact" or "complicated plotting" to reflect the ugly life so it is not necessary a "novel" character. When a book/plot close, that person pays no price for being that ugly.
	- eg. Lưu Bang (Liu Bang) is a dangerous motif. He knows how-to-be a king but is literally not good, having machiavellianism (one of the dark-triad traits), betrays his followers (the godlike Han Xin), endup having a good life. SO HE BECOMES A NORMAL PERSONALITY THAT PEOPLE WANT to be like him.
	- Oppenheimer is a dangerous motif as being a self-conflict, he is very very closing to machiavellianism where he created a solution to sell a problem, and to sell his ideology
	- Dangerous motifs have been severely damaging our faith in humanity.