- https://rosew.blog/2022/06/27/software-engineer-promotions/
	- https://jvns.ca/blog/brag-documents/ I have my own bar of vanity. Many things not just limited to self-promotion or sale, are unfortunately vanities as it has not-even-good impact in me. I know bragging works and I actually **convince juniors to do this** for the sake of their own benefits, but I simply can't resist my bar, 7cking cringe.
		- Maybe my stoic traits maintain this bar.
		- I build friendships (partnership), gaining just enough visibility and respect to do what I like to do and just enjoy. I am always driven by higher purposes.
			- We have to build our own comfortable zone within friends, it is a survival skill in a social environment.
	- https://medium.com/@rose_8264/interview-tips-for-junior-developers-fe5e2bea33c7
		- "I have seen awesome people NOT get the job, - The most senior - The most qualified - Industry experts"
		- Until I have become an interviewee more than 15 times, a few in academic but mostly SWE interviews.
			- In 2018, I interviewed 5 times, 3 passed 1 failed 1 expired. The failed one was `honestbee` with their screening test of counting islands, "luckily failed" as they got bankruptcy in 2020.
			- In 2020, I applied 10 times, denied (O, M, S), failed (A <-- like, Y, T), dumped or dumped by the company (M, should be blacklisted), 3 ghosted. It means that I will fail interviews occasionally and randomly.
				- I personally didn't want to apply to EH due to knowing a Viet/Minh has been here, though it is known as a good environment to learn distributed systems.
				- It meant a lot to learn from people you don't know, no matter how seniority they are. Changing your previous image is a hard problem when surrounded by familiar people, you can't simply grow up.