- How to learn systematically
	- In an important study showing the effectiveness of elaborative encoding, Rogers, Kuiper, and Kirker (1977) [28] found that students learned information best when they related it to aspects of themselves (a phenomenon known as the **self-reference effect**). This research suggests that imagining how the material relates to your own interests and goals will help you learn it
	- An approach known as the **method of loci** involves linking each of the pieces of information that you need to remember to places that you are familiar with. You might think about the house that you grew up in and the rooms in it. Then you could put the behaviorists in the bedroom, the structuralists in the living room, and the functionalists in the kitchen. Then when you need to remember the information, you retrieve the mental image of your house and should be able to “see” each of the people in each of the areas
	- One of the most fundamental principles of learning is known as the **spacing effect**. Both humans and animals more easily remember or learn material when they study the material in several shorter study periods over a longer period of time, rather than studying it just once for a long period of time. Cramming for an exam is a particularly ineffective way to learn
	- Our ability to adequately assess our own knowledge is known as **metacognition**. Research suggests that our metacognition may make us overconfident, leading us to believe that we have learned material even when we have not. To counteract this problem, don’t just go over your notes again and again. Instead, make a list of questions and then see if you can answer them. Study the information again and then test yourself again after a few minutes. If you made any mistakes, study again. Then wait for a half hour and test yourself again. Then test again after 1 day and after 2 days. Testing yourself by attempting to retrieve information in an active manner is better than simply studying the material because it will help you determine if you really know it.
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRDy4M5jI-g "It is an act of healing to accept that one is sick"
- https://ybox.vn/gia-vi/hieu-ung-lucifer-vi-sao-mot-nguoi-tot-co-the-tro-thanh-ke-xau-5bcb5d9c98d9406858f77e90 "If you want to change a person, you have got to change the situation. If you want to change the situation, you have got to know where the power is, in the system"
	- Hiệu ứng Lucifer = Hoàn cảnh (Situation) + Quyền lực (Power) + Hệ thống (System)